Allow request_exec with async I/O and more (#576)
ansible/pylibssh: docs/changelog-fragments/576.doc.rst

> Fixed example for exec_command -- by :user:`pbrezina`
> 
> The example now contains correct method code and is fully functional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the example of invoking remote commands by using
``Channel.exec_command()`` in snippets -- by :user:`pbrezina`.

Its previously showcased version wasn't as robust.
```

Author: I wouldn't say robust, it simply was not functional.

Reviewer: @pbrezina was it nonfunctional unconditionally, then?

Author: Yes.
